# PRACTICE EXAM POR PMI AGILE CERTIFICE PRACTITIONER (PMI-ACP)
--------------------------------------------------------------

* About the practice exam
-------------------------
Practice exams are key to preparing for a certification exam. They enable you to assess your knowledge and identify areas where you may need additional preparation. 

Let's take a closer look at the LinkedIn Learning Practice exams. From the course landing page, there are two places where you can launch your exam. 

Select either one to explore the testing options. 

After you enter, instructions are provided. Then you can start an untimed or timed exam or even create a custom exam. 

And don't worry about which option to choose. You can take the practice exam as many times as you want in any of these modes. 

* First, let's look at the untimed exam. 

	. From the instructions page, you can select the start untimed button to begin an untimed exam. 

	. Untimed exams are a way to practice for the actual certification exam without the pressure of being timed. 

	. These provide the same number and types of questions that you'll see on the certification exam, but without a timer so you can work at your own pace. 

	. In an untimed exam, you may leave and resume as many times as you need until you select finish exam.
 

* Now let's go back and see what the timed exam looks like. 

	. If you'd like to see if you're ready for exam day, you can select start timed button. Like the untimed option, these timed exams are meant to give you a feel for the actual 
	exam. 

	. They have the same number and types of questions, as well as a timer that's set to the same length of time you'll have to complete the certification exam. 

	. On timed exams, you must complete the exam in one attempt. You are not able to start and stop the timer. 

	. If you leave the practice exam before you select finish exam, your timer will continue and your attempt will end once the timer has expired. 


* Finally, let's look at create custom exam. From the instructions page, select create custom exam. 

	. You will want to use the custom exam option if you want to focus on a specific certification domain or multiple domains. 

	. Custom exams enable you to select which of the exam topics you want to practice. 

	. These topics correspond to the main exam domains. You can also select the number of questions that you want in the practice exam. 

	. It's also important to note that the custom exam is untimed, so you can stop it and return to the same exam as many times as you'd like. 


* After finishing a practice exam using any mode, take time to review your exam results. Let's see what that looks like. 

	. This is a great opportunity to assess where you consistently score well and identify areas where you need additional preparation. 

	. Our practice exams provide detailed results for each attempt. You will see an overall exam score along with the scores for each topic. 

	. These topics align with the domains or competencies for each certification. The scores per topic are broken down to help you identify your strengths and weaknesses. 


* And remember, if you want to practice a specific domain, you can go back and create a custom exam. Select a question to review the feedback for that specific question. 

	. Each question will provide an explanation for the correct and incorrect answers. This is especially useful to help you understand why you got an answer wrong. 

	. Additionally, you can filter the question to review by topic and wrong answers. You can also review any of the exams you've taken by viewing your attempt history. 


* Let's see what that looks like. Each time you finish an exam, your exam results will be displayed in your attempt history so you can compare your tests. 

	. This is helpful to see how you are improving over time and which topics you should focus your attention on. 

	. If you need more practice or want to practice with different question sets, there are additional practice exams available. 


* It's a good practice strategy to take as many tests as possible since that will give you the most exposure to the types of questions you'll see on the certification exam. 

	. You can find links to additional practice exams on the course details or by searching for the certification exam in the search bar. 

	. Keep in mind the scores you earn on your practice exams are a good indicator for how you're progressing in your studies, but they won't guarantee a passing grade on the exam. 

	. They can, however, relieve some of the anxiety that goes along with test taking and help ensure you're as prepared as possible when you sit for the exam.
